hello friends now on your
let's play apocalypse over here we see
this is an ascetic main menu and you hear
my standard substrate for silent movies
why because it is very early
version of the game and there is very little content
I start it on easy
I think go out why after
and understand after the first couple of my deaths
maybe and maybe guess
Immediately the game is valid for the current min
does not shine nor appearance
filling but in this game personally for
i'm important not to show this or more precisely in
This video for yourself set a goal for
more to show what's in the game
there is now to tell something that you do not
may appear if promises
developer will be executed but first
I note that developers may even
one person frankly we are now
let's die to our friends developer
honestly stated that the cycle would be very
Should we not see the game for a very long time
just did not even name the date not game
not to notice us for the first time you killed
see even on easy
destroy the first zombie wrong
just this time we start with
ax and katana you with katana and night
although probably now
holy soul in general back to my
the story
the developer promised to implement
many very interesting features
somehow for example let's see if you
anything so pretty now
monotonous houses and in them as a rule
here is in the same room with the bedroom
is always
bows if in some house there is like
almost a hundred percent that he will
here in this room yes that's how it is there
ax general of this zombie safe
weld through the window yes they are while you
different serious artificial
the intelligence of this case at hand so
here about the promise of developers we
we will have to lead let's say
survivors on the created map but few
will just collect these very survivors
it will also be necessary to provide them
equipment and resources for what we
will need to capture various
sector and above all buildings that is
for example our survivors
will be able to live in the houses that we
freed secured will be able to erect
what's there so what's called will
build fortifications
to make it easier to defend in zombies in
Generally this is the case, we play elements
articles and item on and space rockets
certainly pretty simple i think but
all the same they will be well for us naturally
promise and elements lpg where now
without them, action in general so far
here is this bit of action yet to see
nothing else but this body action
now one more stupid zombie from such
littered with 20 health
I thought again, let's start again like this
so my friends
I will tell you honestly while the game of itself
nothing interesting
why because it is not a game it is rather
a demonstration that a person works
working on the project and so far his
threw yes what we will see then me personally
how optimists want to believe that we
see at least some of what we
promised because even if this
part can be realized
get a very interesting game because
I would really like to see the game in
which at the same time will be this way
Combine elements of rpg and strategy and
action zombie themes do not know
probably most likely just a tribute to fashion
which now we are just all over the place I
I think it's no secret that now
these games enjoy huge
popular and therefore appear
whole
mountain days like mushrooms after rain so
In general, I think that my video is already possible
slowly round out i'll just tell you
I will try to finish this
total until the game is in very early
development stage when we see
some less playable version
not yet known but big plans
collection survivors of their accomplishment
resource supply and of course I think that
one of the most important parts naturally
can be called action action vs zombies
but here these seasoned shooter's
very significant elements else
same technical game too
has a certain problem
so you see some freezes
pictures sometimes though maybe of course
I just carries well and thanks to friends
you for watching this video
leave the name of any games by
whom you wanted to see my videos
materials and bye